Parser for a Programming Language for IoT Devices
The second project builds on your language design of the first project. This project involves building a parser for your language using the yacc tool. Please refer to the description of Project 1 for the requirements for your programming language design. There are some minor changes, please read carefully the instructions below.

Part A - Revised and Augmented Language Design (20 points)
The requirements for the language are the same as Project 1 except for a few minor extensions. You can use as much of your previous design work as you can. However, if you have not already done so, you should incorporate the following elements into your design for the second part of the project:
Specification of the beginning of the execution,
Declarations (variables, constants etc.),
Assignment statement,
Expressions (involving arithmetic operations, relations, boolean operations, their combination),
Precedence, associativity of the operators,
Conditional statements,
Loop Statements,
function definition and function call statements,
Mechanism for a connection to a given URL,
Comments.
Please note that there is no single correct answer. This is a design project. As long as your language is consistent, unambiguous and it makes sense with respect to the specifications given above, it is fine. However, it is expected to be readable, writable and reliable, as much as possible.

Part B - Implementing the Parser (60 points)
For the second project, you are required to implement a parser using the yacc tool. The parser reads the source code of a program, written in your programming language from an input file. If the source code represents a valid program in your programming language, the parser should print out a message indicating the acceptance of the input (e.g. "Input program is valid"). Otherwise, the parser should print out an error message indicating the line number of the source code that contains the error (e.g. "Syntax error on line **!" where ** will be the line number of the source program at which the error was detected).

You should use the lexical analyzer that was developed in the project, but you may have to modify it; for example, to count line numbers. Also, the lexical analyzer will return tokens, instead of printing messages.

VERY IMPORTANT NOTE:

Your yacc and lex specification files must compile in the dijkstra.cs.bilkent.edu.tr machine; otherwise, you will receive 0 from Part B.
You should strive to eliminate ALL conflicts and ambiguities in your language, modifying your grammar if necessary. You will need to provide unquestionably convincing arguments for any conflicts that are left in your final submission.
Part C - Example Program (10 points)
Finally, you will test your parser on the programs that you submitted in the first part of the project. Also show that your parser finds syntax errors by introducing small errors in these programs.

VERY IMPORTANT NOTE: If you do not submit a test program, we will have no way of evaluating your parser, hence you will receive a 0 from Part C!

Part D - Teamwork (10 points)
You will be working with the same group you worked for Project 1. Since this is a team project, each member is expected to put about the same amount of work into the project. However, sometimes this is not the case. The remaining 10 points of your grade will come from the peer assessment. Each member will evaluate him/herself and the other members of the team. You will receive an email message about how you will submit your evaluations, later. If you do not submit your evaluations, your teamwork grade will be 0. The teamwork grade of a team member will be computed by taking into account the comments written and the grades received. Keep in mind that the most important part of your evaluations is the comments section. Needless to say, do NOT collaborate in preparing and submitting your peer assessments.
